blog: Open source for the win, DDEV v1.24.3 and Mutagen and Docker (#332)
ddev/ddev.com: src/content/blog/open-source-for-the-win.md

pubDate: 2025-02-26
#modifiedDate: 2025-02-26
summary: Open Source for the Win! How the DDEV community reported a problem early, and open-source maintainers responded, meaning people don't have to encounter it.
author: Randy Fay
featureImage:
  src: /img/blog/2025/02/open-source-mutagen-docker-banner.jpeg
  alt: Open Source for the Win!
categories:
  - Community
---

## DDEV v1.24.3 Release

Today we released [DDEV v1.24.3](https://github.com/ddev/ddev/releases/tag/v1.24.3) ahead of schedule because of a wonderful set of open-source interactions. (There's other important stuff in the release, but I'll cover that later.)

**We would appreciate it if you could upgrade soon, especially if you're on macOS or traditional Windows, so that we don't have to answer questions about this when it starts to hit users.**

## Mutagen Problem Report

On Monday, two days ago, @LoganHornbuckle reported [a problem](https://github.com/ddev/ddev/issues/7015) (apparently with Mutagen or Docker) we had never seen before. They helped extensively with followup, and it turned out that they had done a `colima update` and as a result gotten the new Docker/Moby Engine version 28.0.0.

> This was a serious fatal error, completely breaking DDEV's Mutagen support for Docker 28.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This caused a serious fatal error, completely breaking DDEV's Mutagen support for Docker 28.
```

Original could be read as the error was updating Colima

Author: ```suggestion
The update exposed an incompatibility between Mutagen and Docker 28, which showed up as a fatal error, completely breaking DDEV's Mutagen support for Docker 28.
```

Reviewer 2: I like it
